snap out of it Pepe help me I'll know
this crap it was a long run I think I am
going to puke spare me the details just
help me unpack you stupid robot oh I
forgot to buy dog food damn Venus look
at those aunt Anna Zenith what are you
what are you doing oh that's totally so
gross why do you have to ruin things
what am i feeding you maybe I shouldn't
buy your dog food how would you like
that how do you even manage a crap this
big I'm not even mad anymore I'm
impressed I wonder what my friends are
going to do right now I bet they're
having fun so you probably are hey help
me auto response it sucks to be you
right now thanks a lot Pepe where did my
dog go hey hey don't kick my dog
what why did you kick my dog for just
get your dog away from me he was just
being friendly I like her kitty shut up
Pepe she's actually a dog I named her
after my favorite planet get your anus
away from me
it's actually Venus whatever Peppa we
have a lot of stuff to do let's go Oh
what do you think about her Venus well I
think she's uh
ok I think I know I think someone wrote
this wrong he's at she's actually a dog
I named him after my favorite planet
she's actually named sorry I'm gonna
redo that line don't s time is the
pathos in the biblioteca no day is done
don't listen